Updated Agent example to use industry terms and align with document roles (#77)
aaronpk/draft-parecki-oauth-identity-assertion-authorization-grant: draft-ietf-oauth-identity-assertion-authz-grant.md

### Preconditions

#### Deployment and Client Preconditions

* The Enterprise IdP at `idp.cyberdyne-corp.example` authenticates the enterprise’s users and issues identity assertions
* The External Tool API (resource server) at `api.saas-tool.example` and its authorization server at `authorization-server.saas-tool.example` are operated by a SaaS tool vendor, in a different trust domain from the enterprise IdP
* The AI Agent is an OAuth 2.0 client with client ID `https://ai-agent-app.example/`
* The Enterprise IdP (`idp.cyberdyne-corp.example`) recognizes the AI Agent (`https://ai-agent-app.example/`) as a trusted client, either through static registration or dynamic discovery via {{I-D.ietf-oauth-client-id-metadata-document}}
* The External Tool Resource Authorization Server (`authorization-server.saas-tool.example`) recognizes the AI Agent (`https://ai-agent-app.example/`) as a trusted client, either through static registration or dynamic discovery via {{I-D.ietf-oauth-client-id-metadata-document}}

> > Note: This example uses a URL as the client ID, following the Client Identity Metadata Document pattern {{I-D.ietf-oauth-client-id-metadata-document}} to allow servers to dynamically discover client metadata. Alternatively, clients may be statically registered with an opaque client ID, with metadata configured directly in the IdP and Authorization Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: This example uses a URL as the client ID, following the Client Identity Metadata Document pattern {{I-D.ietf-oauth-client-id-metadata-document}} to allow servers to dynamically discover client metadata. Alternatively, clients may be statically registered at the IdP and authorization server and given static opaque client IDs, with metadata configured directly in the IdP and Authorization Server.
```
